Update to discrete irrational extension (#1250)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000063/properties/P000154.md

---
space: S000063
property: P000154
value: true
---

> Since the topology is finer than the Euclidean, {S63|P2}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the topology is finer than the Euclidean, this space is {P2}.
```
Changed because otherwise we get a circular dependency, as you can check by clicking on the `{S63|P2}` link in preview mode.
